feat: oscr enhancements (#371)
open-sauced/docs: docs/community/100-days-of-oss.md

- [Post your commitment today on X](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=I%27m%20joining%20the%20%23100DaysOfOSS%20challenge%20with%20%40saucedopen%20to%20grow%20my%20skills%2C%20gain%20real-world%20experience%20in%20open%20source%2C%20and%20to%20make%20a%20positive%20impact%20on%20the%20OSS%20Community!) or share on your platform of choice!

Your OpenSauced Profile, includes your DevCard, which is a great way to track your progress. Remember, it's not about what the number is today; it's about what the number is at the end of 100 days. Check out [Numbers and Narratives: The Dual Power of Tracking Your Open Source Journey](https://opensauced.pizza/blog/numbers-and-narratives) for more information on effectively tracking your progress and telling your story.

#### How to check your OSCR

> Go to your OpenSauced Profile. For example, here's mine https://app.opensauced.pizza/u/bekahhw.

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
Go to your OpenSauced Profile. For example, https://app.opensauced.pizza/u/bekahhw.
```

Check out [this contributor insight page](https://app.opensauced.pizza/workspaces/cff3f17b-f052-4686-85af-72971009136b/contributor-insights/545c756a-39e0-4361-b516-9610cb413959/overview) to see the members of our 2024 cohort. 

> Remembner, there's value in knowing the story behind the numbers. When you share your DevCard, tell the story behind your number. Here's mine https://app.opensauced.pizza/u/bekahhw/card.

Reviewer: typo and small nit. No need to say "here's mine"

```suggestion
Remember, there's value in knowing the story behind the numbers. When you share your DevCard, tell the story behind your number. For example, https://app.opensauced.pizza/u/bekahhw/card.
```
